you
to the questions and looking at all
these new faces and feeling that my
pictures intact because all these young
people are in my future as well so if I
can inspire them and take care of this
only because I will be no lady one day
and I feel like I've done a good job I'm
actually depositing into my very own
future driving here actually tell the
truth I'm empowering them so they can
take care of me fantastic they think
very much room and authenticity are more
important than any perceived glitz glam
thing what other people think fill in
the blank and the reason being some of
the what talked you out of the saying
that at the end of the day you have to
go home with you if you look at your
stuff in there and say Who am I why my
dear and then also there's a potential
nails too it's really hard to keep all
that other stuff straight if you're out
there telling lies about who you are
what you're what you're here to do you
got to keep all that straight not just
my brain with my time I read you know
boom this is why i am so you can come
and deal with justice right here on that
note of the pretense of northern nothing
there's no but nobody behind the people
hurt like what was the bottoms would be
something is what we get yeah I'm that
straight
what outfit but I had made myself a
leotard sequence here here here here you
I ripped off my dress and to the tune of
thriller yes I twirl my baton and got
raving reviews in a standing ovation and
have won 1st runner-up but I had one not
because I had been beautiful employers
and also perfect i did it i had the
government and the craziness to get out
there and just be me and tore all to the
tune of thriller and sometimes it like
you've got a twirl to the twitter thrill
in your dream we've got to find that
place in your life does that work tell
you what you have inside can't talk
about the gifts because each and every
one of you has an amazing gift of some
of you have two or three or four inside
and the world is waiting for you to live
out loud the world what if we're waiting
for you to do you if you have something
that nobody else has and we need you to
do you so we can watch you shine so we
can be inspired to shine too and that's
what I'm talking about the extraordinary
within the ordinary you think that you
know I'm just an average girl no you're
not you're fabulous we're all waiting
for you to shine and I one of my gifts
is the laughter but the other gift is
recognizing the magnificence and other
people i love the courts and the
vulnerabilities and what you may think
is not beautiful is the very thing that
makes you special amazing some of your
behaves ago beba something get you a hat
and rock your big away I beauty and what
somebody else would call the not so
beautiful I was chubby girl and my
thighs were robbing us I won't make this
work for me I look at me my boys well
they might be so goofy yes who knew I'd
be making money
i graduated high school two thousand and
when I always wanted to do was leave my
boxes and well somebody told me what do
you want to go through that was just
some of those you know what my dream was
for my goals were and we're basically
like my job like 14 15 oh the HD yeah
they were like well you know there are a
lot of people how do you want to get
there you know people at shows and why
don't you just go into teaching or
proper to go on a day care actually got
me the rearranged how I was thinking and
I like let it go in like the ailments
were about in the head it is a great
program but where I wanted to be was the
rebound okay I want said to you hate
they're at their classic if that is in
your soul to do that is exactly what
or too short
I strongly advise and would love to hear
all of I would love to turn on PBS and
see you down in the ocean figuring it
out yes with the world and that's what
I'm doing now and it's edition Hollywood
again I've all the auditions but this is
coming from me to you by the by gifts so
happens and handy is an acronym for
gratitude intention forgiveness triumphs
and South love not a girl named Jackie
or something like that for you and
therefore you have races yours to bear
and take to the nectar next place
because with that information I felt
secure I felt good I'm like it in
children again are no sound which can
give us some hours also look at that
your honesty that's kind of give to the
less important so
Laura down to is about just being real
and being real you and embraces that
Anjali and you have this program are all
gifts proud to continue forgiveness
trying to sell but I have this car I'm
get to check one of its called open the
gifts niggas out on my way this is free
on are charging because I'm certain
trinian's lovely event but you will free
workbook on the website sign up and join
my beauty
clever
you